IMPORTANT: I am deploying Toolora to Vercel.

The current Vercel deployment is incorrectly targeting:

artifacts/api-server

and Vercel is detecting it as an Express application.

I do NOT want the Toolora frontend website to be deployed as the Express API server.

Please inspect the ENTIRE repository structure and identify the actual frontend application that contains the Toolora UI.

Then make the project properly Vercel-compatible.

REQUIREMENTS:

1. Identify the actual Toolora frontend app and its correct root directory.

2. Make the frontend independently deployable on Vercel.

3. If this is a monorepo, configure it correctly so the frontend can be deployed from Vercel without depending on a Replit-only runtime.

4. Do NOT remove useful functionality just to make deployment work.

5. Keep the existing Toolora UI, design, routes, tools, and functionality intact.

6. If the Express api-server is not actually required for the current Toolora frontend tools, do not make the frontend depend on it.

7. If the API server IS required by some tools, make the architecture Vercel-compatible using appropriate Vercel-compatible serverless/API routes or another Vercel-compatible approach. Do NOT require a permanently running Express server.

8. Fix all TypeScript/build errors in the repository.

The current backend has these errors:

src/app.ts(10,3):
TS2349: This expression is not callable.
Type 'typeof import("pino-http")' has no call signatures.

src/app.ts(13,11):
TS7006: Parameter 'req' implicitly has an 'any' type.

src/app.ts(20,11):
TS7006: Parameter 'res' implicitly has an 'any' type.

Fix these properly rather than suppressing TypeScript errors with @ts-ignore or disabling strict type checking.

9. Make sure the frontend does not depend on localhost URLs.

10. Make sure all environment variables required for production are clearly documented.

11. Use browser-side processing wherever possible for Toolora's file tools.

12. Do not use Replit-specific APIs, Replit database services, or Replit-only runtime features.

13. Make the final frontend deployable directly from GitHub to Vercel.

14. Run the production build after making the changes.

Run the equivalent of:

pnpm install
pnpm run build

and fix EVERY build error.

15. Tell me clearly at the end:

- What is the frontend root directory?
- What framework is the frontend using?
- What build command should Vercel use?
- What output directory should Vercel use, if applicable?
- Whether any environment variables are required.
- Whether the project is now ready for Vercel.

DO NOT just explain the problem. ACTUALLY inspect and modify the project and make the required changes.